docs: add note about when the public API is available (#1)
ArkEcosystem/gitbooks-guides: devops-guides/how-to-setup-a-node-with-docker.md

This will run two separate containers. One for Core itself and another one for PostgreSQL.

> Remember that the API will be available only after the relay finishes the update. Until there, the container will respond with `Connection reset by peer` to any request made any of its ports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public API won't be available until a relay is fully synchronized with the network and blockchain. All requests before this will result in a connection reset because the port is not yet bound to an application.
```
